---
layout: post
title: Maldives
category: english
tags: [down to the millisecond, ]
date: 2015-11-04 00:00:00
---

### down to the millisecond level
처음에는 down이 필수라고 생각했으나 좀더 강조하여 맛깔나게 하는 역할을 해주는 단어라는 생각이 드네. 사실 down 빼고 말해도 의미에는 손상이 없으니까. 그렇지만 down이 들어가니 더 재미있어 진다.

<div class="sample-sentence">
	<p>It needed to be accurate down to the millsecond level pretty much.</p>
</div>

내가 처음에 생각했던 표현은 다음과 가다.

<div class="sample-sentence">
	<p>How can I get the current time in nanosecond scale?</p>
</div>

물론 이것도 맞는 표현이다.

### appeal

<div class="sample-sentence">
	<p>Police are appealing for information about the incident.</p>
	<p>He said he would appeal against the conviction</p>
	<p>The range of topics will appeal to youngsters</p>
</div>

같은 단어지만 위의 3 문장에서 쓰인 [appeal][1]은 다른 의미를 가지고 있다. appealing이라는 형용사도 자주 쓴다는 것을 알아두는 게 좋다.

### bring down

  * to cause to fall by or as if by shooting: 떨어뜨리다.
  * to carry (a total) forward

<div class="sample-sentence">
	<p>They brought down the airplane.</p>
</div>

### come down
 1. (of a building or other structure) collapse or be demolished. (of an aircraft) crash or crash-land.
 2. be handed down by tradition or inheritance. "the name has come down from the last century"
 3. reach a decision or recommendation in favor of one side or another. "advisers and inspectors came down on our side"
 4. BRITISH leave a university, especially Oxford or Cambridge, after finishing one's studies.
 5. informal experience the lessening of an excited or euphoric feeling, especially one produced by a narcotic drug.

### populate

form the population of (a town, area, or country).

 > "the island is populated by scarcely 40,000 people"

cause people to settle in (an area or place).

 > "Finland pursues a policy designed to populate its Russian borders"
 > "an attempt to populate the island"

fill or be present in (a place, environment, or domain).
 > "the spirit of the book and the characters who populate its pages"
add data to a previously empty section of (an electronic form, document, etc.).
 > "use scripts to populate the graph with data"

### holidaymakers
### life changing time
### slightly injured
### sentenced to death
### thrown to jail
### nationwide
### uplift the mood
### government body
### a powerful economic neighbor
### the lesson that you should take away from him
### high resolution
### high frequency
### That would be better suitted
### precison and accuracy


[1]: https://www.google.co.kr/search?sourceid=chrome-psyapi2&ion=1&espv=2&ie=UTF-8&q=appeal&oq=appeal&aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.4304j0j4